Oh, this gives birth to democratic human resources, there is nothing better.
Is there anything not worth it?
Who are you?
Die.
Insulting the lady inside.
This rotten life of yours is unbearable.
Get out of here.
Miss.
Even the slut inside, she dares to blacken you.
You dare to insult the eldest lady?
Are you tired of living?
What's going on?
I was just about to come find you.
Why is this so bad?
Say it, you go home first.
I'll find you later.
Uncle.
It's really not like a family doesn't go into a house.
Your whole family does not know hierarchy.
Can't get on the table, can't get off.
I will tell your mother.
Who gave you the courage to insult me?
Uncle Hai has nothing to do.
Long eyes
I am the future mother-in-law protecting my daughter.
Do you believe me?
Stand up.
No, no, no.
But Dinh really misses you.
I miss you too.